so no way there's no way I'm on the hook
up the cable ba ba ba kita what do you
call it psycho taking everything down
that's how we roll elites are we doing
that I love behind everything utilizing
double-double a dragon yeah and you go
big boxes everywhere please for once no
prizes and yeah we are closing down
ladies and gentlemen and I need to get
to work so late pop up with all the
tapes over check it out check it out
this is how we take it down this is our
check it down I'll switch on their booth
it's like stupid boxes and stuff a
little kick ass all the products in the
table very nice check it out in ya baba
that's what it is all the booths over
there Bobbo everybody working as a
cohesive unit taking every day now I'm
seagate I gotta get back to work again
oh oh oh and Papa disco ball this is
what most of us a prototype please
return prototype property of blah blah
blah yes sir a bong an exclusive look at
the prototypes of iron man this
wrestling is really really not strong
you got the the head be nice check it
out check it out me nice indeed
in the little hands yes yes sir I mean
it's left in the tape bubble that moved
on anyway oh yeah it's cool I can't wait
for the actual product you see the
strain I don't know if you can see the
cracks yeah the Obama wait for the final
products going to be bad friggin ass yes
sir enough to say one thing to her
eyesore fine I don't think she should be
changed that's for sho that's for she'll
buy before shell kami looks badass too
pretty nice yes sir I think I'm gonna
get the blue one she looks so cool
anyways you got mr. Goku right there
with the freaking head that's right
bitch look at me as I'm talking about
yeah picking busts right here that's
right it's pretty heavy any loops
powerless she looks kick-ass 2 very
awesome diggin a little quick look at
this guy right here this helmet very
nice you can see she can see its
prototype ish everything years almost a
prototype
um he got there I love his uh she's like
in crackalackin yes sir hate that thing
but everything else is badass right here
where I'm taking on I'm just just living
them up there I told them not to touch
that I want him to break it but uh i'll
be taking this in the back take an arrow
oh but also another thing bubble
somebody ended up stealing the two-hour
mini helmets too from from that other
companies just like the fourth thing and
the bullets that's pretty messed up it
rare bitches before the tape runs out be
nice be nice so that's again as I said
it's the same crap ladies and gentlemen
nothing different great ass again it's
just the color that's the only
difference and you can see they're here
it's a little bit better paint that's
about it same crap going on the suit how
much difference still looks kick friggin
ass bitches it's red bubble very nice
very very nice right here that it's
pretty nice and yeah let's go talk about
should get out check it out design just
exactly like you got freaking chilled in
the movie basically that's what happens
is a trivial avanti sideshow look at our
duty to complete look at him oh there's
a gentleman they're gonna lift it I'm
just recording to see if they drop it
and break it it's gonna be put up great
the ritual has started just before the
error man lunch here we go bitches like
a minute sui
here we go there goes my team 10 my
think Oh what in the base I key oh yeah
oh my god oh my god
to get out though
grabbing the balls oh my god Oh stay
here go home sweet well I got a few
seconds to go still recording oh here we
go here we go oh my god oh my god
hahaha it started a rig that's awesome
25 on your man and they can still get
this on there
and that concludes on the air comic-con
bitches it's their babies by some of the
white boy